What are keys in Relational Databases (aka SQL databases)? (which applies to all SQL implementations/SQL dialects)
Keys in Relational Databases (aka SQL databases) are basic requirements tagged on individual columns in a table that are
used to help uniquely identify rows/datas, establish relationships between tables, and organise data. 

(Note: The concept of Keys is unique to Relational Databases (aka SQL databases), while other types of databases (such as 
 Non-relational Databases (aka NoSQL Databases or 'Not only SQL' Databases) and NewSQL Databases) have somewhat similar 
    concepts, they are not exactly the same)



There are other types of keys in Relational Databases (aka SQL databases), however, in this tutorial, I will only be 
listing 3 of the most common ones:
1. Unique Key
2. Primary Key
3. Foreign Key

1. Unique Key - individual columns in a table tagged with Unique Key have unique row/data
   Traits of individual columns in a table tagged with Unique Key:
   -> Rows/datas must be unique.
   -> Rows/datas can be NULL.


2. Primary Key - individual columns in a table tagged with Primary Key are used to identify each row/data
   Traits of individual columns in a table tagged with Primary Key:
   -> Rows/datas must be unique, to ensure unique identification of a row/data at a time.
   -> Rows/datas cannot be NULL.

   (Note: - Usually tables will have an 'ID' column, which will usually be the only column tagged with Primary
            Key in the table
          - There can be multiple individual columns in the table that are tagged as Primary Keys which the 
            effect will be that they will collectively form a composite/compound Primary Key of that table)


3. Foreign Key - individual columns in a table tagged with Foreign Key (aka child table) is a reference to an individual 
                 column in another table tagged with Primary Key (aka parent table) (it can be other types of Keys, but
                 it is common practice to use an individual column in another table tagged with Primary Key (aka parent
                 table,) instead of other types of Keys (Unique Key, Candidate Key, Super Key, etc.))
   Traits of individual columns in a table tagged with Foreign Key:
   -> Combines two or more (when multiple individual columns in a table tagged with Foreign Key (aka child table), referenced
      from individual columns from multiple other tables tagged with Primary Key (aka parent tables)) tables at a time.
   -> Act as a cross-reference between the tables.



(Note: There are other keys, but they are less common so I wont be talking about them like Composite Key, Candidate Key, 
 Index Key, Super Key, etc. But these other types of Databases aren't very common, so I won't be talking about them in 
 this tutorial)



Source(s): https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/types-of-keys-in-relational-model-candidate-super-primary-alternate-and-foreign/ (GeekforGeeks)
